REMINISCENCE PRODUCTION COMPLEX : Re-considering an Empty House in the City Competition(Ulsan) 2nd Prize
Daesun Flour Mills Abandoned Silo regeneration plan (2020)

Passing by Times Square near Yeongdeungpo Station, you will see an old abandoned factory on your left. The site, w
hich was built in the 1930s due to industrialization, has long served as a manufacturing company. Over time, this fact
ory has become a relic of the industrial era, and it has lost its function and remains an empty house alone.
Residents, workers and visitors near Yeongdeungpo Station still feel nostalgic about the industrial era that passed by
whenever they passed by. The Times Square shopping mall, a huge new generation building with a single road, is pro
perly contrasted with the building, making the old factory a more mysterious place.

In Munrae-dong, Yeongdeungpo, many ironworks and textile factories were built in every alley due to the booming ma
nufacturing industry caused by industrialization in the 1960s. In the 1970s and 1980s, the factory alley in Munrae-dong
was also in its heyday due to the booming manufacturing industry, but the factory alley was also in decline due to th
e slump in the manufacturing industry since the 1980s and the financial crisis in the late 1990s.
Most of the factories were redeveloped in modern times with new functions as residential or commercial areas, but th
ere are still many factories left undeveloped in every alley, and the Daesun Flour Mills also remained there over time.
In the 2000s, a youth artist village has been formed in Munrae-dong as young artists gather in low-rent factory alleys,
and has been reborn as a unique place where manufacturing factories, artists, industry and culture and arts coexist. Th
e presidential office will also renew its lost function and become a vital part of the city that has been transformed into
a new function, boldly showing its former appearance, rather than continuing to remain a relic of the industrial age.

To create various facilities and spaces on 18,900 square meters of land, the remaining elements of the original aband
oned factory facilities will be made the most of. The cylindrical building is a silo (grain storage warehouse), a key facil
ity of the plant. While maintaining Silo, an iron structure that makes people feel nostalgic, with its huge presence, it tr
ied to create a complex cultural green space where history and nostalgia can be clearly felt in order to revitalize the
surrounding city centers as a new landmark.
The exterior environment is decorated with small residential buildings using abandoned factory waste iron and open sp
aces such as forests, streams and plazas, creating neighborhood living facilities and viewing spaces together. The mai
n building was constructed as a public exhibition hall, theater, hall, and other public spaces where visitors could enjoy
various contents while looking at nature at the center of the land.

In cities in the low-growth era, it was thought that sustainable regeneration was a reasonable solution by reassigning the
original purpose and function of the past to the lost place, rather than destroying everything and creating new ones.
This process rediscovers the value of industrial heritage, creating a new functioning space for familiar and old spaces.
In the space where old things have been regenerated and renewed, there remains a mystery from the old without an
y new space created without any connection.

The Gallery outside the first floor uses arched windows to give a stable and quiet feeling, and the interior space is s
upported by cores and columns to maximize the area of use. The interior of the first floor is a huge hypostyle hall d
ecorated with curved columns, and the SUPPORTING VAULTS holds the light coming inside in a curved shape.

All open spaces sink on the floor, allowing visitors to move at various heights and "float" and experience deeply the
buildings and the surrounding nature itself. Visitors will be able to enjoy the 360-degree view from different heights. T
he roof is the most primitive part that shows the concept of the building (silo), creating a new atmosphere when ente
ring the rooftop garden and attracting attention from far away to the observatory.

The site should be remembered as a hub of workers' lives for a long time, a special place of remembrance for near
by residents, visitors, and everyone involved in the Yeongdeungpo factory complex, while at the same time playing an
active pivotal role as a member of an industry in the history of Korea and modern history.
The huge building will provide a space for people in the city to relax and enjoy various content, and as a local landm
ark, it will breathe new life into the urban community with its role of making everyone feel the continuity of time that
has passed naturally. In addition, it is expected that the factory area, which was left unattended and used inefficiently,
will be revitalized and a complex industrial and cultural hub suitable for the characteristics of Yeongdeungpo, providing
an urban foundation for urban revitalization and growth in southwestern Seoul.
