CITY 2040, MICRO CLIMATE CONTROL CENTER, design for the 4-1 grade semester. (2022)
Sustainable Architecture

This skyscraper construction project was started based on three questions in the 
process of resolving the problem of a land, which is controversial about the
direction of development in the metropolitan city of Daegu, Korea.

Can we design skyscrapers while considering conservation perspective that require
less development? How will the invisible identity of the isolated natural space
within the city be architecturally resolved and related to the city? How can we
avoid designing a huge wall between the city and nature?

This skyscraper suggests the direction of development of the central business
district from the perspective of preserving existing building complexes. Due to this
development, the existing complex will be preserved as a natural space freely used
by people in the city over time. In addition, a modular cultural center that can be
changed flexibly will be developed together to actively respond to future industries.
The project continued the tug-of-war between nature-conservation and urban
development, with a focus on sustainable concepts and green tech to create
eco-facilities in the city that could be used by people.

Currently, there are two different positions of opinion for the land development
plan. One is the economic opinion that the land has great economic and commercial
potential among Daegu's commercial centers and high-rise buildings, so it is
appropriate to build a massive residential and commercial complex. The second is
that the development direction of the land should be for the public rather than
economic purpose and make it a park for people because it faces a nature, which is
rare in the city. After considering both points of view, I came up with a plan that
satisfies both opinions, and developed a residential and commercial complex cultural
center that can have both economic and public characteristics, accommodate a large
population in the center, and relate it to the park to enjoy nature in the city
center.

The 2040 plan is a top-level spatial plan in Korea, to shift from the rigid urban
planning to be flexible that can contain various future urban aspects. The site is an
important place where major high-rise business facilities are concentrated, and is in
contact with the road with centrality. The Daegu Court Complex will be relocated
to another place due to aging in the 2020s, and the current site will lose its
function, and a new plan is needed according to the current era. The newly
developed skyscraper should be located in an optimal location, sustainable, minimal
development, eco-friendly, suggest spatial possibilities to attract new industries to
restore shrinking jobs, and remain in the city for a long time to present
development potential to the outside.